The theory of biorhythms has always devoted great attention also to the problems of affinity between individuals. Thanks to these observations it was found that two people whose emotional cycle follows the same fluctuations will have for life the same provision to the feelings, optimism and the same sensitivity. Live set of charging and discharging phases and this will lead them to have a great emotional affinity. Ne The theory of biorhythms, the ups and downs in the course of a life published in 1959, Hugo Max Gross devotes several chapters to the explanation of the correspondences in marriages and other occasions of relationships between people and develop an evaluation method based on percentages affinity between cycles. The method of assessment of compatibility from the consideration that two individuals with two identical cycles have the greatest affinity with a percentage of 100%. As the case of a minor matching occurs in the opposite situation, that is, when the deviation is equal to half of the cycle, giving in this condition a percentage equal to 0%, it follows that for each day of discordance the affinity decreases by a percentage equal to 100 / day cycle X 2. the percentage of affinity then 8,70% decrease in the physical cycle of 7.14% in the emotional cycle and 6,06% in the intellectual cycle for each day of the difference between the cycles. Consequently, the lower the percentage, high neno will be the percentage of affinity. The calculated cycle by cycle compatibility, can then be defined as a medium that will give us the percentage of overall affinity. Generally it is considered a good average percentage higher than 50%. Obviously, a percentage over 70% will tell us that between two people there is a great tune, while a less than 50% puts a serious threat to the possibility of understanding. Physical compatibility is important in the sports team training or work. The emotional one for the cartel in a couple, a family or friendships. For associations or partnerships based on intellectual activity will be necessary a good intellectual match. Obviously this concerns a pure harmony biorhythm: nothing remains that in the presence of important goals or strong reasons these difficulties can be overcome and that, despite a good harmony biorhythm, there are relationship difficulties due to other factors.